Suzaku can tell the world
Three days later at the Dragon King Hall
Holding a ceremony for the new owner
And wedding ceremony
Is a kid
Since you and the Fan family are getting married
Then the matter of the agency of the Dragon King Palace is someone else
blame others
Hmm
The Dragon King is the person who looked like this just now.
I think he is more upright
Why don't you leave it to them?
It's Zhou Ronghai, the head of the Zhou family
Let me tell you something.
You can
Hello
Ah!
The agency of Longwang Store has been given to our Zhou family.
Who?
Typical scam
Lord Dragon King Fei Zhi went to see the Zhou family head in person
Hey wait
I'm a dragon king
Naturally, is there some cost?
Otherwise, how can I spend my wife's money?
This is the Supreme Dragon Card from my Dragon King store.
Unlimited consumption within the ban
Please feel wronged first.
Before the succession
I'll pencil in you and madam
Go to Yuelong Hotel
Let young people do their own thing
Fanfan will accompany me to get drunk again
Hahahaha
The safety of the boy Daxia is handed over to you
After I sober up
I went to retreat and practice again
Got it, Lao Long.
I think they must be having an affair
What are you talking about?
Uh, this is the ring my mom left for her future daughter-in-law
Hurry up and take it with me
Stupid
Ono, what are you doing here?
Hey, this girl is so beautiful
Why don't you introduce it to my sister?
sister
I'm in a hurry now, let's talk about it on the phone
Time is tight, let's take a break